README.md, before:

# Edge-Based Visual Odometry 
## Research @ LEMS, Brown University
This repository is an internal research project at LEMS lab, Brown University. It is still under development. 

## Dependencies
* Eigen 3.X or beyond
* OpenCV 4.X with opencv_contrib (feature detection and matching depends on opencv_contrib)
* [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp) (used to parse data from the dataset config file)
* glog (Optional; if not used, comment the [macro definition](https://github.com/C-H-Chien/Edge_Based_Visual_Odometry/blob/main/include/definitions.h#L2) in ``include/definitions.h`` or set it as false, and the ``find_package`` in the ``CMakeLists.txt`` file.)

## Build and Compile
Follow the standard build and compilation, namely, 
```bash
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make -j
```
You shall find executive files under the ``bin`` folder. The code to be executed is ``./main_VO`` while ``./test_functions`` executes ``test_functions.cpp`` used to test certain functionalities.

## Usage
Under the ``bin`` folder, if glog is used
```bash
./main_VO --config_file=../config/tum.yaml
```
If not, do
```bash
./main_VO --config_file ../config/tum.yaml
```
where the configuration file can be customized depending on the dataset in use. See ``.yaml`` files under the ``config`` folder for more information. If no ``--config_file`` input argument is given, the default value will be used which is defined in ``cmd/main_VO.cpp`` if glog is used. Otherwise, a help message will show up. <br />
There is also a ``./test_functions`` executive file which runs the ``test/test_functions.cpp`` and is used to test and verify some functionalities of the C++ implementation.

## Notes
Make sure that the path of your YAML-CPP header files matches the path in the ``CMakeLists.txt``. See [this line](https://github.com/C-H-Chien/Edge_Based_Visual_Odometry/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt#L43).

## Authors
Saul Lopez Lucas (saul_lopez_lucas@brown.edu) <br />
Chiang-Heng Chien (chiang-heng_chien@brown.edu)

Commit message:

Enable running on Brown Oscars CCV. Remove unnecessary glog headers and enable compiling by both c++11 and c++17 standards.

README.md, after:

# Edge-Based Visual Odometry 
## Research @ LEMS, Brown University
This repository is an internal research project at LEMS lab, Brown University. It is still under development. 

## Dependencies
* Eigen 3.X or beyond
* OpenCV 4.X with opencv_contrib (feature detection and matching depends on opencv_contrib)
* [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp) (used to parse data from the dataset config file)
* glog (Optional)

## Build and Compile
Follow the standard build and compilation, namely, 
```bash
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make -j
```
You shall find executive files under the ``bin`` folder. The code to be executed is ``./main_VO`` while ``./test_functions`` executes ``test_functions.cpp`` used to test certain functionalities.

### Running on Brown CCV Oscars server
On the Oscars server, load the necessary modules: <br />
```bash
cmake/3.2XX
eigen/3.4XX
boost/1.80XX
```
where ``XX`` is the ommited version number. OpenCV (with opencv_contrib) and YAML-CPP are not existing modules, and thus they need to be installed. You will thus have to manually add their library paths to ``OpenCV_DIR`` and ``yaml-cpp_LIB``, respectively, _e.g._, ``/path-to/opencv_install/libr64/cmake/opencv4`` and ``/path-to/yaml-cpp/bin/lib64/cmake/yaml-cpp``. You will also need to edit the linkings defined in the ``CMakeLists.txt``.

## Usage
Under the ``bin`` folder, if glog is used
```bash
./main_VO --config_file=../config/tum.yaml
```
If not, do
```bash
./main_VO --config_file ../config/tum.yaml
```
where the configuration file can be customized depending on the dataset in use. See ``.yaml`` files under the ``config`` folder for more information. If no ``--config_file`` input argument is given, the default value will be used which is defined in ``cmd/main_VO.cpp`` if glog is used. Otherwise, a help message will show up. <br />
You shall find executive files under the ``bin`` folder. The code to be executed is ``./main_VO`` while ``./test_functions`` executes ``test_functions.cpp`` used to test certain functionalities. <br />

## Outputs
Output files will be written under the ``output`` folder. This part is to be updated.

## Notes
Make sure that the path of your YAML-CPP header files matches the path in the ``CMakeLists.txt``. See [this line](https://github.com/C-H-Chien/Edge_Based_Visual_Odometry/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt#L43).

## Authors
Saul Lopez Lucas (saul_lopez_lucas@brown.edu) <br />
Chiang-Heng Chien (chiang-heng_chien@brown.edu)
